don't compare me with stark he's a six
ah
Junior you're gonna break your old man's
heart if I have to it has to break
anything clearly you've never made an
omelet he beat me by one second is is
funny mr. stark
it's what comfortable
like old times this was never my life
you too can still walk away from this
no we will you believe in peace and let
us keep it I think you're confusing
peace with quiet yeah huh what's the
vibranium for I'm glad you asked that
because I wanted to take this time to
explain my evil plan
it's the end
the end of the path I started us on
there's only one path to peace
their extinction
we all get through this I got no plans
tomorrow night